1. Find pairs of titles released in the same year, have the same genre, but are from different platforms.
2. Identify movies or shows with the same title but different release years.
3. Retrieve titles that have been trending at least twice and find their first and last trending dates.
4. Find movies that share the same genre and have similar engagement scores (views + likes - dislikes).
5. Identify pairs of movies that have the same duration but different platforms.
6. Retrieve titles with nearly the same number of views (difference of fewer than 1000 views).
7. Find out which countries have the highest number of similar movies released in the same year.
8. Determine platform pairs that share the most common titles.
9. Identify titles that have been released in multiple languages by comparing entries in the dataset.
10. Find the oldest movie or show that has a newer version with the same title.
11. Identify movies with identical engagement scores but different countries of release.
12. Find all TV shows that have at least one movie of the same name in the dataset.
13. Identify all genres that have at least two trending titles in the same year.
14. Find all movies that were trending together at least once.
15. Identify movies or shows that have been re-released with a different rating.
16. Find movies released on the same platform, in the same year, with a similar number of likes.
17. Identify movies that have similar durations but different genres.
18. Retrieve pairs of movies that were released in the same country and have similar engagement.
19. Identify trending titles that were first added to the platform in the same month and year.
20. Find all movies that were released in the same country, have the same language, and a rating difference of only one level.
21. Retrieve the most common pair of movies that are often trending together.
22. Find all movies that were released in the same decade and have nearly the same number of views.
23. Identify pairs of movies that have nearly the same number of subscribers but belong to different platforms.
24. Find out which genres tend to have the most similar movies released in the same year.
25. Retrieve all movies that have nearly the same number of dislikes as another movie from a different country.
26. Identify the most common language pairs in movies that share the same genre.
27. Find pairs of movies released in different countries but with the same number of subscribers.
28. Identify all movies with at least two different records in the dataset due to re-releases or edits.
29. Retrieve pairs of trending titles that were first introduced in different decades.
30. Identify movies that were trending together in at least three different years.
31. Find out which platform has the highest number of repeated titles across years.
32. Identify pairs of movies that were added to platforms within the same month but have different engagement scores.
33. Find out which platforms share the most titles with identical names but different years.
34. Identify movies that have similar engagement scores but were released in different decades.
35. Retrieve all pairs of movies where one is a sequel to another based on year and similar title.
36. Identify the most common title across platforms by using self-joins.
37. Find all movies that were added to platforms more than once due to changes in metadata.
38. Retrieve all movies that have been trending together in more than one decade.
39. Identify movies released in the same country but on different platforms with similar total engagement.
40. Find all movies that have similar numbers of views but completely different genres.
41. Identify movies with nearly the same number of likes but vastly different dislike counts.
42. Find out which platform has the highest number of identical movies based on self-joins.
43. Retrieve all movies that were first added to the platform in the same year and have the same rating.
44. Identify the top 5 most common movie pairs that have similar durations but different platforms.
45. Find all movies that have nearly the same number of subscribers but vastly different ratings.
46. Identify pairs of movies that were first introduced on Netflix and later appeared on another platform.
47. Retrieve movies that were released in the same country and have a nearly identical duration.
48. Find all TV shows that have a movie version with the same title but different engagement levels.
49. Identify all movies that were trending together exactly twice in different years.
50. Find out which decade had the most similar movies based on engagement score and genre.